hello everyone welcome to my channel
when we talk about the things we love
like gaming shows an anime we've looked
at a lot of good things that come out of
this series but now it's time to exploit
all the bad things
this show is clearly bad as but it
doesn't mean that it's perfect
Toriyama has a good imagination but he
definitely has a lot of fixing and due
to the series so another delay I'm going
to show you ten blow holes out of
possibly close to a hundred so let's
begin number 10 Goku knows how to read
people's minds use it only once with
kerlun to find out what happened the
whole time they were in Namek but he
never used it again actually the better
question is how about did he learn
to read people's minds he was only
training in the spaceship to become
stronger what the hell does that have to
do with being psychic it's not like King
Kai taught him while he was in the other
world number nine Bardo breathes in
space what happened to Saenz cannot
breathe in space how is it that bar dog
doesn't spaz out and croak when he heads
towards Frieza and his spaceship to stop
him from destroying Planet Namek number
eight a Saiyans tale how many times does
a saint's tail girl back because as far
as I've seen whose tail grew back more
than twice named Gohan but what about
Vegeta's it was cut off and that was it
number seven where were Goines as Zheng
Kai boosts Gohan did become strong every
time he recovered from a fight but then
after he grows up he constantly gets his
ass kicked
yet there are no Zheng Kai boosts number
six Gohan's and locked potential when
guru unlock Gohan's potential he said he
was awakening his hidden power so why is
it that Gohan still needs to awaken his
inner powers to become Super Saiyan 2
then it happens again after cell
reappeared from self-destructing Gohan
shows that he can now turn the Super
Saiyan 2 without needing to trigger it
again even though for some reason it
happens
when they fight poject but when he grows
up
he takes on double majin buu and Broly
by going super saiyan - without first
getting his ass kicked and eventually
triggering it
so how come again he has to unlock his
hidden powers to fight Super Buu how
much hidden power does he have up his
ass
number five why can't go and go super
saiyan after becoming ultimate go on
another Gohan plot hold nobody says he
can no longer turn Super Saiyan after
unlocking his hidden powers for the last
time so why doesn't he no longer turn
Super Saiyan and don't give me that crap
excuse of he no longer needs to go Super
Saiyan because Super say will weaken him
cuz that sounds like straight-up
number four why did the Z
fighters not training the hyperbolic
time chamber to prepare them for the
androids Goku easily came up with the
idea to train in the hyperbolic time
chamber after he recode from his heart
disease so it's not like he had
forgotten about it
number three ultimate weekends go on yes
here's a third gone plot hole okay so if
Gohan ultimate go on can easily be super
boob and super boost power level is 24
billion ultimate goal wants power level
is thirty two billion and Goku Super
Saiyan threes power level is eight
billion four hundred million then how
come ultimate goal got taken down easily
by Hildegarde people don't know this but
apparently ultimate goal one is stronger
than Goku Super Saiyan 3 I mean he was
during the Buu saga but possibly now
after taking on Venus I'm pretty sure
he's I mean he's been training like
crazy at King Kai's world so chances are
Goku is way stronger than him now but
back then what the hell was a reason
number two why didn't borrow doc and his
friends get brought back to life with
the wish
when they revive everyone that was
killed by Frieza and everyone that
worked for him
why didn't borrow don't get his crew get
brought back I mean even in Dragon Ball
Z appraised they brought back nappa
because that he was killed by majeeda
and technically Vegeta was still working
for Frieza so it's the same year the
daughter was working for Frieza so yeah
and also number two goes were nat button
number one how the did bar dog
travel through time by freezes death
ball attack this is by far the stupidest
non explained a way of bringing back
Bardock now one can easily assume that
this is just a different universe so
it's like a what is scenario right but
then again Lord chilled tells his
henchmen to warn his family to beware of
the sands that turn blond so this would
explain why Frieza was afraid of Saiyans
then this is clearly a problem because
not only is this a shitty attempt at
merchandising and giving us Bardock as a
Super Saiyan but now we have yet another
plot hole in the Dragon Ball Z series
nice job Toriyama that's it for the top
ten list I hope you enjoyed the video
so put a thumbs up if there are any
other videos you would love to request
please let me know in the comments also
post up any comments fine ones or
whatever ones you can think of I've put
the best comments up in my videos and
ever I see some really good ones and if
you want to see my videos be sure to hit
that subscribe button it really helps me
out a lot and I'll be sure to let you
know where it post up more videos this
is a score saying have an awesome day